[Music]
they say money makes the world go around
and the women on this list might have
something to do with all their partners
success after all they say behind every
great man is a great woman just wait
until you see which famous actress
landed on our list Before we jump into
it don't forget to subscribe to the taco
to see more great content like this now
let's take a look at 15 of the most
beautiful wives of older billionaires
Princess Charlene of Monaco how would
you feel if Grace Kelly was your
mother-in-law
well Princess Charlene of Monaco knows
that feeling all too well
sadly she never got to meet her iconic
in law but the parallels between the two
ladies are pretty amazing Princess
Charlene married princess Grace's son
the notorious Prince Albert of Monaco
the two tied the knot in 2011 and the
former Olympic swimmer is 20 years her
husband's Junior the beautiful princess
maintains her spelt bigger despite
giving birth to twins in 2014 now in her
40s it seems like Princess Charlene
hasn't aged a bit
she is looked at as a style icon much
like her late mother-in-law and
considering she is a royal it's safe to
assume she lived a life of luxury which
may have something to do with why she
looks so youthful Silvia Nuka of course
snagging a billionaire hubby doesn't
come without its drama just ask Silvia
Nuka the former African beauty queen met
her husband Alico den Gautier when she
was 25 years old Alico happens to be the
wealthiest man in Africa with the worth
of nearly fifteen billion dollars 50
million dollars no big deal right except
for one small thing the relationship may
have all been in Sylvia's head the
beauty queen was in fact dating the
billionaire Belleek to information about
their relationship online in hopes he
would pop the question the 57 year old
Alico wasn't having any of it and
eventually broke up with Silvia what's
even crazier is the fact that Alico was
actually already married and the whole
debacle made major headlines in Africa
sadly Alico and silvia weren't meant to
be but that doesn't keep her from being
on her list because what a great story
Wendi Deng Chinese born businesswoman
Wendi Deng is a powerhouse in her own
right she was born to to engineer
parents who hope she would become a
doctor she went on to attend Yale on a
scholarship which we are sure as a great
consolation prize what's the biggest
thing Wendy is known for is making
headlines for possibly being a Chinese
spy this is a big deal because Wendy was
once married to one of the biggest media
moguls ever Rupert Murdoch the
relationship had her rubbing elbows with
the likes of Jared Kushner and Ivanka
Trump if you have heard those two names
before it's probably because Ivanka is
the daughter of President Trump and her
husband is on his staff so you could see
we're rubbing elbows with the Chinese
five might not be the best look for this
couple hope drawer is sick from the
pages of Playboy to a lavish wedding on
the Amalfi Coast is the best way to sum
up hope Jorah six life back in 2010 hope
took the title Playboy's Playmate of the
Year which probably put her on the radar
for billionaire bachelors looking to
score a beautiful wife that's where tech
investor Robert Smith enters let's just
say Robert liked what he saw and put a
ring on it
the wedding was one of the most
ridiculous weddings on the planet the
secluded estate the couple tied the knot
and had such a daunting Drive that they
decided to have everything for the
ceremony helicoptered in oh and hope
walk down the aisle while John Legend
sang the singer also lent his voice for
the couple's first dance and just so no
one was left out he'll also serenaded
the couple and their wedding guests baby
Anna Flossie one of the most mismatched
couples on this list has to be Fabiana
Pelosi and billionaire Bernie Ecclestone
for those of you who don't know Bernie
is one of the richest men in the world
and the CEO of Formula One this is his
third marriage and it came with a little
bit of drama because of their 45 year
age difference many people called
Fabiana
a gold digger but if you see the couple
together you can see the love between
them even if they can't see eye-to-eye
because baby Anna towers over Bernie
before her marriage to British business
mogul baby Anna was the vice president
of marketing for the Brazilian Grand
Prix where she eventually met her now
husband
rumor has it she was dating a Brazilian
doctor at the time
she left for the British billionaire
Melanie Kraft Ellison romance novelist
Melanie Kraft Ellison isn't the only
wife of Larry Ellison to make the list
larry is best known for being the
founder and CEO of Oracle a software
company he and Melanie were married in
2003 but sadly split in 2010 before
their marriage the gorgeous Melanie had
a myriad of different jobs she was once
a bartender she tried to be a pastry
chef and she even tried to be a safari
driver which leads us to believe she has
a lot of content for those books she's
writing so the couple didn't work out
the 25 year age difference didn't seem
to be the issue we think the fact that
she was his fourth wife might have had
something to do with it though either
way she's doing just fine after the
divorce reportedly getting a yacht and
several of her ex's properties
Salma Hayek she may be the only wife on
this list that doesn't need an
introduction you probably didn't even
know she was married to a billionaire
but it's true famous actress Salma Hayek
tied the knot to Francois Henry Pinot in
2007 not sure who Frost wise let's just
say you've probably heard of a few of
the companies he owns like Balenciaga
and Gucci
in fact it was a former executive at
Gucci that set the couple up in the
first place
the pair dated for 11 months before
Francois popped the question
sama even had a little bun in the oven
at the time their daughter Valentina
considering they've lasted for over a
decade we see this couple being in it
for the long haul Jade for it Jade for
it now Jade Lagarde heir is quite a hit
on Instagram it may have something to do
with her lavish lifestyle or the fact
that she's a total bombshell the former
Belgian model is married to one of the
most powerful men in France Arnaud
Lagarde heir the couple has been
together for years but when they first
started dating it caused a little
controversy the pair released a video
appearing together and our know was
obviously smitten with the then 20 year
old jade he was 50 at the time and being
so open about your private life is
frowned upon in our aristocratic friends
so much so many believed arnoud was
committing financial self-harm appearing
in the video that went viral but as time
has gone on the pair seems to truly be
in love despite their 30 year age
difference
Elisabetta Gregg Araki another model to
make the list
surprise surprise is Italian model and
presenter Elisabetta Gregg Araki
in 2010 Elisabetta married Italian
businessman in Formula One team manager
Flavio Briatore II the two are about 30
years in age difference but that didn't
stop them from procreating Elisabetta
and Flavio share one son sadly it seems
not all is well in paradise in January
of 2018 it was announced the couple
filed for divorce after nine years
together
neither have come forward with what went
wrong in the marriage but it's said to
be a mutual split apparently Elisaveta
is going to get a huge allowance out of
the divorce so it must not be all that
bad but we can't imagine having such a
public split is really taxing on the
once beautiful family
Andrea kisum back in 2008 Andrea his son
caught the eye of American billionaire
Steve Wynn but there was a problem Steve
was already married to his first wife of
course when you have billions of dollars
nothing is really out of reach
Steve divorced his wife who got one of
the largest divorce settlements in
history and eventually married Andrea
the couple married in 2011 a day after
the Royal Wedding and there were many
comparisons between the two events
Andrea's dress for one was said to be
very similar to Duchess Kate's dress
Steve even spent 1 million dollars on
the nuptials which had a guest list of
1,000 most recently Steve came under
fire during the hashtag me 2 movement
for an incident that took place in 2005
before he met his current wife that
wasn't enough for Andrea to leave her
husband who was 21 years her senior
Princess Amira alte wheel she's known as
one of the most beautiful women in the
world Princess Amira Aalto wheel when
she was just 18 years old she met her
now ex-husband Prince Alwaleed bin Talal
the pair met when she was granted an
interview with the prince
the two were immediately smitten and the
interview actually lasted over two hours
9 months later the couple was married
she's known for her women's rights and
philanthropic work and of course her
beauty
sadly the couple divorced in 2013 and
not much is known as to why though they
didn't work out princess Amira and
Prince Walid still speak fondly of each
other
that she's no longer a real royal in
Saudi Arabia her new goal is to be a
role model for other independent women
around the world
crusty hens if you are old enough to
remember the beginning of the Internet
yes that old then you might remember
Netscape Netscape was an internet search
engine before we even knew what an
internet search engine was now it's
mostly just a web browser but it was
revolutionary at the time the man who
founded Netscape that would be Jim Clark
and this would be Jim Clark's wife
Christie hens an Australian model
Christie has appeared in the pages of
Sports Illustrated and even modeled for
Victoria's Secret the couple may be 36
years apart in age but that doesn't mean
love can't find a way right the pair
married in 2009 and they had other
reasons to celebrate at the time Jim was
the only man in history to have set up
three completely separate billion-dollar
companies
Eloise Brody though she may be a little
older than the rest of the ladies on
this list
Eloise Brody is just as gorgeous now in
her sixties Eloise is a stunning wife of
hair care and alcohol mogul John Paul
DeJoria you might be familiar with his
companies Paul Mitchell and patron the
beauty was born and raised in Houston
Texas eventually leaving for greener
pastures in 1988 she was chosen as
Playboy's Playmate of the Year two years
later she was set up on a blind date
with John Paul and the rest is history
the couple got married in 1993 and it's
reported Eloise's longtime friends share
was in attendance Eloise and John Paul's
marriage has stood the test of time and
it seems like they couldn't be happier
malya and Ellen in the wake of his 2009
divorce from Paula Fortunato it seems
like Sumner Redstone had his eye on a
younger lady the billionaire was 85 at
the time and acting his Viacom's
chairman the newly single bachelor was
seen out and about with a much younger
woman Malia and Allen who happened to be
about six decades his junior the couple
met while Malia was a flight attendant
for one of Viacom's private jets though
the details of their relationship was
never revealed the relationship itself
was built to last but that doesn't mean
Malia didn't profit from associating
herself with a billionaire tax records
show the former girlfriend of Sumner
received $75,000 because of
it was mostly for securing an $850,000
donation to the Global Poverty Project
from one of summers charity foundations
anna sergeyevna to be fair anna
sergeyevna's probably just the flavor of
the week for notorious playboy Jim
Goldstein Los Angeles natives and NBA
fans might recognize the eccentric
billionaire Jim goes to over 100 NBA
games a year and the one thing that is
consistent is the fact that he will have
a much younger lady on his arm according
to Jim if you walk around with the
beautiful woman more women will want to
be with you this is something he's
proven time and time again
his latest leggy blonde according to the
internet it's model anna sergeyevna
considering he's dated the likes of Jane
Mansfield and didn't fall in love with
her it's safe to assume Jim and Anna's
relationship won't last but we are sure
they are having a blast at all those
basketball games and fashion parties
which billionaire wife did you find the
most beautiful tell us what you think in
the comments section and don't forget to
subscribe to the taco thanks for
watching